Now back to the hearings where Senator or with the Councilor Ray Jenkins.
The unit's guard's suspect is at Fort Monmouth as the result of his committed investigation.
It is not proper to go into the maids of each individual case that would lead us into an inquiry
in which Senator McCarthy would be permitted to introduce proof.
And the Secretary would be permitted to introduce proof as to whether or not the discharge or suspension was made
or is and proper.
There was as this committee knows a board which passed upon the question of whether or not
if a discharge was indicated as a result of testimony uncovered.
The fact that the board did discharge our suspenders is as far as this committee can go.
It was a legally constituted board.
If decision was final, the fact that it suspended isn't itself.
The sufficient proof at all of this committee won't have the justification for the suspension.
And I want to make that clear so that we would not get into an erroneous size inquiry with respect to the maids of each individual.
30 odd cases if in the third or third of the year.
First was all my attention to the classification number 46, which all of this is in various strictly within the issues.
If I may read that, the pattern followed by Secretary Stevens and Mr. Adams is clear as long as only individual communists were the object of a subcommittee's investigation.
They may continue in the offers of cooperation with the investigation, but as soon as they throw turns, the income has been more important questions.
To the income has been more important questions.
A full-life responsible for protecting communists into attrition and protecting communists who had infiltrated every conceivable obstacle is placed in the path of the subcommittee search for the truth.
An illustration of this technique is the investigation of the Army signal to all of our cooperation with the officers in exposure of individual communists.
The wherever it was meant to compete to such many attempts to examine those with consistently clear communists and had given them a protective cover to continue and keep hosts and sons of the radar laboratories.
Finally, a graphic example is the case of Mark Major Irving Perez, the communist party functionary who was commissioned to cap them in spite of an open record of communist party activity who claimed the system minimum on questions involving his loyalty to his country and who in the face of this system minimum plan was promoted to the rank of major and was overseen's orders were cancelled.
After intervention of a congressman, and we go on, Mr. Chairman, I don't want to take any more time, but let me read the next part of a second.
The name of the people responsible for that department of defense has now for what the department of defense has now considered to have an grossness handling of this case to the detriment of our national security.
I have never been made available to the subcommittee by Secretary Steven Dermot, despite frequent demand for such information for early and in writing by this subcommittee.
The necessary students, Adams and associates have been quick to publish and release a report, calculated the two smirily investigators on the exposure of communist infiltration.
But despite the lapse of one, they have yet to produce for the American public, the long promised report, naming those officials still serving under them, were responsible for the rise in the army of a communist conspiracy conspiracy against this country.
Mr. Jenkins, lastly for your information, I know that you can't force me the line of questioning. The purpose of this questioning is to show that after Mr. Steven, Mr. Adam, knew that we were going to press for the names of those who knewingly promoted a communist.
Individuals much more dangerous than a communist themselves. That's very nice when they said that you don't stop, we will issue a smirror report on Mr. Cohn.
It didn't think Mr. Cohn would drag them in the end like that. And Mr. Chairman, if there is a whole part of this controversy, whether or not after, Mr. Adams knew that they were down to the line,
that they had to give us the names of those who knew we still don't have, wasn't responsible for all the present and the rest being in the department.
That's when they started to issue their reports and successfully with Mr. Chairman.
But successfully, full of all the hearing conditions of that smirror report, and again, the definition is very important to show when they first threatened to issue their reports, why did it decide to issue it at the same limit?
And unless I go to this, it's impossible to develop it.
May I please say, Mr. Cohn? Number one, the fact that such a charge is made in the specifications of Senator McCarthy does not necessarily make it irrelevant issue.
Number two, I have held with Senator McCarthy, and I see no reason to belabor the point.
That if he has a result of his investigation, any one subversive or any number of subversives, where discharge starts suspended, that matter is raised due to caught up, a newly constituted board, high stability, held as far as this committee is concerned that the proof was sufficient to justify his suspension.
Now, in the case of that, as I understand it, the Senator, proposes now to go into the maze of certainly one individual case to which the major Ferris case, if he's permitted to go into the maze of that one case, he will be permitted to go into the maze of whether or not there was justification for a dismissal of 33 employees, the 33 employees were dismissed or suspended.
Going further, the Senator says that his line of questioning is designed to bring out to a listed information as to who is responsible for retarding his work or for retaining these subversives who were discharged and they are now branded as such by reason of their being discharged, temporarily these, certainly the chair holds.
Thank you, Parton. The council holds on about time to use the federal committee as a variable and to stay with chairman and make that fair.
But one of the charges is and I think it is their main to this issue. That not only was there an attempt made to stop the investigation of Fort Mama, but that there was an attempt made to stop Senator McCartney's committee fraud on the expulsion of his.
Those who allegedly were responsible for the failure to detect the existence of these subversives have for its months, that subject is one of proper ingrati.
Now I tell the legislature on about the importance of this point of objection and I hope we won't delay for the point.
Mr. Duncan, last slide of the variable, come for me. Let's hear the truth.
Specifically, got from the point that I tried to make. Only one objection, Senator, and that is going into the midst of each individual case, including the major caress case.
If you have, apparently it's been been investigated, and the investigation is concerned, if you can get to the subject, you have to the subject, Mr. Sanchez. I have one or more, that security risk.
Mr. Sanchez, I do not intend to be the mayor of the major caress case. In some of the major caress, with honor of the major starry smudged to the Senate.
I do not intend to be the mayor of that case. The position I take and I like to make clear, once and for all, is that the opposition of the secretary of the fratum, and Mr. Hansel in the back down, reached its height.
At two points, once and we try to find out who is responsible for returning, coming us to the radar laboratories, the next time, we try to find out who is responsible for the special treatment for the system and the coming.
I am as I say, I do not intend to explore these minutes of the press case, but the facts surrounding the promises made to us are demands for additional witnesses, what happens to those demands are made, and those demands are not on.
If, perhaps, if you have any questions, if Council will, most of the entry will agree these questions are dropped.
Mr. Jamman, the President of the party, does not make any noise. Mr. Hansel is the background. There is no other than his background, but there is a new investigation in the slide from the member of the party, and I ask you whether they take the facts by common rules, which are only 4141.
Mr. Hansel, we can continue to keep Mr. Hansel in the background until he is brought in as a case by some specific testimony of being called on.
Mr. Jamman, just so they know, the young friends left, the fratum was for Hansel, the testimony has been that he was the man who was prepared to help prepare, they tried to figure out the committee in the way of the fact that that was included in your specifications.
Mr. Hansel made a rejoinder, that is not before it, but a time being.
Mr. Stevens, Mr. Duncan likes to point that we should not be in the manner of any individual case that I agree with.
I am not concerned about the manner of the case of the Communists themselves, they are in disposal, but let's avoid that.
We have discussed with you that we are the question of calling for the committee, the people in the Pentagon who are responsible for the special faithment of the government of the Communist God, after his right-winged show of him as a commissary.
We have discussed that with you, Mr. President.
The plan, the remains, started it.
The after meeting, we get over in the center of the counter-em meeting, once the meeting is set up by you, some very month myself, some five-sriped press case was discussed.
And after a considerable discussion back and forth, it was agreed that the committee was entitled to be a production of those responsible.
Last file, you had a right to instruct them, not to answer any questions that would violate any army regulations or violence security, that you had no right to order a witness, not to appear and agree that you would make this question any human matter.
That was discussed, and I told you, as the McCarthy that the person has gotten back from the fore East, and let me say that I didn't know anything about the press case until after you was out of the army.
Then I learned a lot about it.
And I stated that that meeting that you referred to, that the Inspector General's report, which I had instructed to be made with respect to the press case, I had given that instructions, and we are warned the Secretary that perhaps you're about to make the maids of the Parisese relevant, that the suspecting is yourself, presenting your signs and your conclusions.
Well, then I want to say that it is not a proper subject to the investigation of this committee that does not violate it, and I suggest Mr. Wells that Mr. Secretary not refrain to the maids of the Paris case.
It could be made relevant. Mr. Chairman, I'm in agreement with Mr. Jenkins, and I think this particular inquiry should now be contaminated.
I'll take the responsibility of instructing the witness that under the rulings of the council, he needs not just by further in respect to the press case.
Maybe, as we heard from the Honourable, the council has mentioned that, but at least the Chair believes the Secretary has answered to send his questions about the luncheon, suggests the Senator is continuing with his questioning.
Would you proceed with your answer, Committee of the Council, to just your member?
Point of order, I will you arrest the question, Mr. Chair, you know, at the end of the press, good asking.
Mr. Chairman, I have a question that Mr. Jenkins has foretold this life of inquiry, and if so, I don't wish to proceed.
May I suggest that the reporter reads the question, then we'll know Mr. Wells whether or not it's proper question at this time.
The fire will reinvest in at the second case, and we'll answer the final detail.
Then, and I suggest that you give the Senator a, and I should ask that question, Mr. Secretary.
I said to the Senator, you can put it in the cards, then when the Inspector General report was complete, that whatever names were available from that report, I would like available to the committee.
You know, in other words, you told us that you would have an investigation with, that you would give the committee the names of those who are responsible for these special treatment of the court, what you may have to grant.
But, China, you've gotten the whole thing down, I would like available the names to you. Now, have you ever made those names with them?
The Inspector General report has not been completed, last time.
Do you know what they say? You can answer yes or no, have you made the names of the names? No, sir.
I did. Did you order the Inspector General for making the investigation?
I did.
What about the...
I don't care. He has been sent to the trade.
No, let me answer. But this one, the State one, certainly does.
The right opportunity to remember, right? Did you ever expand your answer?
I would like to, or you have a little non-pust here on the yes and no business, sir, because I...
Hanksha, sir. Give the right kind of answers and not prolong the character.
Yes, they may have been submitted, because the Inspector General has not yet submitted his report, in which those names would be made available. I don't know who they are.
We have to go.
Have you tried to...
Mr. Secretary, it's very cold when you return to the United States and found the mist rest that got an honorable discharge.
You interviewed and you stepped off the plane by the press, and you sort of that thing that this was a completely improper act.
The only thing that was getting an honorable discharge, there's something to that effect.
I, Mr. Secretary, respect to say. Again, repeating what I have said.
That question is directed to the mail-its of the Major Peresse case, and it is my reading that you do not have that.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, the press case may have the attention to share, but the chairman, the press case, along with the fourth month,
cases go the way of track of the charges. Mr. Stevens may have certain premises to us.
The chairman knows that he was present. It is very important now to find out whether he thought this was an important case,
so why he had been psyched into food, gave this man a promotion, an honorable discharge, and found down the line.
This goes to more of...
There's something to call off of hearings. And, man, I say, Mr. Chair that I shall ask all the questions I think are pertinent.
If the chair rules, that they need not be answered, well, and good, but I must make the record.
So, that we will have very clearly in line what the contensions of Mr. Charn, Mr. Cohn, myself are.
Mr. Chairman, the Secretary's opinion of the Peresse case, one way or the other is wholly immaterial, in that if any answer would reflect his opinion of the guilt or innocence of Peresse,
that is not an issue, it is objective to. Mr. Chairman, the evidence is taken to Chairman,
would you any question asking the Secretary to express himself on the guilt or innocence of Mr. Cohn,
Mr. Chairman, I need one of the criteria for, on the basis that he has already been accepted,
and then on the work which he has advised the committee is not complete.
I said I need some key key to the Secretary's right to withholding it.
Mr. Chairman, I am not asking the Secretary for an opinion of the guilt or innocence of Mr. Proud.
I am asking about he publicly said about the handling of this case.
About he publicly said previously is not present anyway, I then want to find out if I he didn't do something about it.
The one point he tried to call all four hearings and we were just doing something about it.
Mr. Chair, come. The Secretary McCarthy's question is what the Secretary said about the manner in which the Peresse case was handled by either the Army or by Senator McCarthy?
That question would be proper because one of the charges is that the Army or the Secretary and the Army status,
saying to take such proper steps as we are necessary to bring about the detection of the Perseus report moment.
That is the burden of your question Senator, I think you are right about it, isn't it enough?
That is, I think it's a trust in the re-read, we find it.
That is a different question to what you might get fired at, our two senators.
Well, he's going to have a few questions, he's going to have a question now, whether or not the Secretary may be decreasing the system of the way the Army handled the major Peresse case.
Is that right?
That's right, let me re-read the question.
Mr. Secretary, when you returned to the United States, and we got off your plane, did you make a statement in regard to the handling of the Peresse case, statement of the Peresse?
May I explain not just what transpired, nor to get all the facts here, it's possible that any whether or not you made a statement that would be a yes or no answer, and then certainly you have an eyes explained.
Yes, I made a statement.
Now, what happened was I said, I didn't know about the Peresse case, so after he was out of the Army, he went out on the second of February, and I got back on the third of February, the Washington.
When I landed, I was met by the Peresse, and they asked me about this case, and I, of course, had no knowledge of the case.
I received, I think, a letter or something like that, that would give me a little bit of information, but fundamentally I do nothing about it.
So I said, after listening to the Peresse, what the questions around they did, I finally said that if all the things you always say are true about this case, now that's what I think I said, pretty clear on it.
Then I would say that I do not think major for us should have had an honorable discharge. That's correct, that's the point.
That was not the question. You now, the blonde and haun, you now made his confidence by stating that you should have had an honorable discharge, and we're trying to steer away from that, that's okay.
The question is, did you state that it was Miss Handel or making a comment on how the Army and the Handel made you for us, Keith?
No, sir, I stated it exactly as I recall it, but I just testified.
Well, do you want now your answer about not being entitled to an honorable discharge to remain in the record?
Surely, it's not responsive to the question.
Well, that's what I said, I'm only just trying to... The question was, how did you say about the way it was that the Peresse was handled or mishandled?
Not whether you should have had an honorable discharge or not, well, that leads us into an inquiries to the maids of each individual piece, and I know this committee wants to steer clear of that, and as it wants to stay here in New Christians.
Well, Senator McCarthy asked me a question about what did I say to the Peresse when I got back here, and I stood there.
How about, how about, how about, was Handel, that was embraced in his question, this evening?
Is that not right, Mr. Williams?
Yes, but how was I to raise the poignance to take you? What difference does it make?
And the body did it, how it was handled.
Here he was coming back.
The question of all that is one of the issues Mr. Welch, and that is whether or not the Army was properly handling these alleged subversives and mistaking proper steps to detect the young man, to bring about their suspension, not whether or not they were guilty, but whether or not the Army had the machinery set up to do it, as efficiently and expeditiously as the McCarthy Investigating Machine.
I'm not right about that, I think that's correct.
Mr. Secretary of State, do you have further statement to make?
No, I just answered the question about what happened when I got off the plane.
Ten years time has expired.
Any questions, Mr. Kuntles?
No, any questions, Mr. Senator, is there any right?
Mr. Sanders, do you have any questions?
Mr. Welch, none.
You have ten minutes to call Mr. Sanders and the McCarthy.
Mr. Secretary, Mr. Kuntles and Mr. Welch, are just stated that he did not difference with the Navy.
How you talk about the handling of this case, I think so that you will know why I'm asking you these questions.
I will tell you about different types of things that you can make.
The last news whether you felt that this was a good answer.
I think it's a question or it's a question for a person.
The question here is whether you felt this case was mishandled.
If you did, further or not, you or someone else is now trying to protect those who mishandle the case.
I am not going into the details of the press case.
I'm not asking you what you think about it today.
I'm inquiring as far as you felt as mishandled then and if so for the you or someone else is refusing to give us the names of those who mishandled it.
Mr. Welch, you will understand the purpose of the press.
Now, when I ask you this question, did you make this statement when you were asked about the press case?
I stated quite empathetically to members of the press when I was interrogated on my return from the far east and February 3, that I had the personal feeling that an officer should not get an honorable discharge from the service.
If he refuses to answer questions properly put to him by a congressional committee.
Did you make that statement?
It's the second day that he is not a proper question in my opinion and I instruct you that unless you care to do so voluntarily you do not have any.
That is an expression of your opinion relative to the mates of the press case.
Whether or not he should be an honorable discharge or shouldn't have been an honorable discharge.
And it is respectfully objective to Mr. Chairman.
The one of the all important questions, the issue is raised is that the certain civilians and the Pentagon can try to cover up or protect those who promoted honorable discharge,
give favorable duty orders to measure correct.
If that contention is correct someone in the Pentagon is guilty of gross misconduct.
If that contention is incorrect then I have made a great gross misstatement of the facts and I am now trying to interrogate the secretary about what I consider one of the all important issues.
The second all important issue Mr. Chairman will be the protection and cover up as those who protected and sent back to work, communist or people who have come as records of the radar laboratory.
The third will be for their not.
We try to get to the protectors of the press, the protectors of the communists at Fort Monmouth.
That's then we reflect on the fire Mr. Adam with the full knowledge of Mr. Stevens that unless we quit they would issue the smell report which they did issue.
And Mr. Chairman if I can't go to that person we just put the proof of truth from getting at the issues we waste two days here on the question of fire Mr. Car was put off a picture by a photographer at the air base.
Why the commander was put off by Mr. Julian we spend two days on that I'd like spend little time on the relation.
If I could Mr. Chairman Donald Donald McCarthy is entitled to a listen from this witness any information as to whether or not the army of the secretary through any roadblocks in his way in the investigation of these cases.
If he's entitled to question him as to whether or not a threat of smear was made what I'm trying to do is to steer clear of the guilt or innocence of major arrests or any one of the so called 33 employees at Fort Monmouth who were suspended.
Mr. Chairman it's a very important question to Chairman Father and not Mr. Stevens publicly stated himself that the pro-else case was mishandled.
That's proper that's proper agreement senator. Here's my question.
Mr. Stevens said you asked the question again.
As I heard the question I thought it was far I'd like to have it read.
Here I just suggested that the evening that it's possible to come to the not here.
But let me read it. Mr. Stevens said you make the following statement and for your benefit I'm reading from your letter of February.
ABC radio is bringing you on the same coverage of the look as the Army hearings in Washington.
you